Add root containers as restricted feature in PSP (#343)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/guides/securing-with-rbac-and-psp/index.md

A `PodSecurityPolicy` object defines a set of conditions that a pod must run with in order to be accepted into the system. It governs the ability to make requests on a Pod that affect the `SecurityContext` that will be applied to a Pod and container.

> By default, Giant Swarm clusters come with two PSPs defined - a [`privileged` policy](https://github.com/giantswarm/k8scloudconfig/blob/master/v_4_8_0/files/k8s-resource/psp_policies.yaml#L1-L27) that allows almost any Security Context and a [`restricted` policy](https://github.com/giantswarm/k8scloudconfig/blob/master/v_4_8_0/files/k8s-resource/psp_policies.yaml#L30-L57) that mainly restricts users from running privileged containers, run containers as root or mount host paths as volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Giant Swarm clusters come with two PSPs defined - a [`privileged` policy](https://github.com/giantswarm/k8scloudconfig/blob/master/v_4_8_0/files/k8s-resource/psp_policies.yaml#L1-L27) that allows almost any Security Context and a [`restricted` policy](https://github.com/giantswarm/k8scloudconfig/blob/master/v_4_8_0/files/k8s-resource/psp_policies.yaml#L30-L57) that mainly restricts users from running privileged containers, running containers as root, or mounting host paths as volumes.
```
